well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
virtue signaling what it is is it a
thing yeah of course it's a thing a huge
part of human communication is signaling
its its massive part of it there are a
bunch of different kinds virtue
signaling is the expression of a
positive social behavior to your
in-group that's it that's what it means
it's not that of this person is saying
something compassionate the other idea
that goes along with it as it gets used
as an insult is that it's empty that it
doesn't mean anything it doesn't do
anything it's just a hollow statement
and sometimes that's true but it's not
virtue signaling is extremely effective
it causes societal change some examples
of virtue signaling the warrior cup was
in large part created because of virtue
signaling I want to go home at the end
of my shift we write the report the
image that those messages they got
conveyed they were edgy at first and
then they got normalized they were
virtue signals to that end group and it
took hold wasn't a good thing in the
1930s and 1940s you walk into a room and
click you're hills and give us a loot to
a certain dictator that was a virtue
signal doesn't necessarily mean that
you're doing something that is
compassionate it just means that the
people around you believe it to be a
positive social behavior that's it
doesn't actually have to be virtuous
my favorite example of virtue signaling
is when somebody points out in the
comment section
hey that's virtue signaling because
that's a virtue signal you're telling
those around you in your end group that
I the person who is calling out this
virtue signaling I am above being taken
in by emotional arguments I am rational
I am pragmatic I am cynical I am dead
inside that's that's that's what it
conveys because within that in-group
well that's a virtue it's a positive
social behavior this is why experts on
fascism experts on political violence
were very worried about Trump's rhetoric
because they watched it they watched him
signal and they want you to resonate
with the bigots and then spread and
normalize throughout the Republican
Party that's what happened and now it
has spread into government agencies that
dehumanization of the other it's normal
now it's a virtue we can see this in
ices statement they're upset about the
president's chaotic immigration policy
not because children are covered in
their own bodily fluids and don't have
enough food and are dying in custody but
because it's inefficient that should be
worried that should be a worry because
that is virtuous within that end group
now
next time you're having a discussion
just farm it out there you know what's
gonna happen when you do it but throw it
out there well we could let them out do
it the way we used to
no because within that end group within
the pro police state and group the
anti-immigration and group its its
virtues its virtuous to keep the minute
that's no longer an option we can't let
them out that's extremely dangerous
because the conditions as they worsen
but wouldn't it be more humane if we did
something else with them if we could
come up with some other solution maybe a
final one because we can't let them out
did another type you see is where
they've couched it into something that
appears to be compassionate but it's
only because they don't understand the
situation or they know that a line a lot
of people say well this is how we have
to stop human trafficking is it
regardless of what the president says
the man who doesn't read the reports and
doesn't attend intelligence briefings
human trafficking he doesn't actually
really occur through migrants claiming
asylum that's not a thing that is not a
thing now there are rare cases where if
it can happen no doubt letting them out
and just processing them quickly and
sending them to through that's no
guarantee that there won't be human
trafficking but what what's the worst
thing that can happen when somebody's
human trafficked what sexual abuse being
kept confined in squalid conditions
covered in their own bodily fluids now
letting them out is not a guarantee that
human trafficking will not occur and the
horrible things will not happen to these
people but confining them is a guarantee
that it will happen
the discussion over this has gotten
ridiculous nobody's actually talking
about the root causes of any of this
stuff anymore nobody wants to talk about
our foreign policy that was creating
most of these migrants most of these
asylum seekers we don't want to talk
about that well we just want to find a
way to stop it doesn't work that way
does not work that way if there's
anything that history has taught us it's
that the drive for freedom and safety oh
it'll find a way even if it has to come
violently it will find a way but rather
than talking about making more visas and
making it easier and being able to
filter it out the bad elements the bad
hombres so to speak and increasing the
number that can come we're not talking
about that we just want to stop it we're
not talking about removing the caps from
certain countries or maybe diverting
them from countries where there aren't
problems like in Western Europe where I
can divert them from there and move them
to Central and South America and then
when that comes up people who are
worried about overpopulation you know we
got a No Vacancy sign out no we don't
this country is nowhere near
overpopulated if you were worried about
overpopulation and you are not worried
about overconsumption you just don't
like poor people and in this case poor
brown people so really what it boils
down to so this is look at the bad side
of virtue signaling the next video we're
going to talk about the positive aspects
of it and I definitely think to get this
country back to a symbol insane society
we're gonna need a lot of positive
virtue sake going anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night